=== PDF文件: A Probabilistic Measure of Multi-Robot Connectivity and Ergodic Optimal Control.pdf ===
=== 时间: 2025-07-21 14:25:34.441668 ===

)B. Approximation for the Connection Indicator Function
In this section, we provide the proof for the approximation of
the connection indicator function (6) using the Gaussian and
Sigmoid functions.
1) Gaussian Approximation: The Gaussian function is defined
as (w)  exp( w2/2), where is a parameter that
controls the width of the Gaussian. The integral of the Gaussian
function over the entire space is 2. To approximate the CIF,
we need to scale the Gaussian function so that its integral over
the entire space is 1. Therefore, the Gaussian approximation of
the CIF is defined as:
(wi, wj)  1
exp
where is a parameter that controls the width of the Gaussian.
The parameter is set to 1 in this paper.
2) Sigmoid Approximation: The Sigmoid function is defined as
(w)  1/(1 exp( w)). The Sigmoid function is
a smooth approximation of the step function. To approximate
the CIF, we need to shift and scale the S. The Sigmoid
approximation of the CIF is defined as:
(wi, wj)  1
1 exp
where is a parameter that controls the steepness of the
Sigmoid function. The parameter is set to 1 in this paper.
The Gaussian and Sigmoid approximations of the CIF are
compared in Fig. 11. The Gaussian approximation is smoother
than the Sigmoid approximation, but the Sigmoid approximation
provides a better approximation of the step function. The
Sigmoid approximation is used in the experiments because it
provides a better approximation of the step function and
better performance in the experiments.
Gaussian CIF
Sigmoid CIF
Fig. 11. Comparison of the Gaussian and Sigmoid approximations of the connection indicator function. The horizontal axis is the distance between two robots, and the vertical axis is the value of the approximation. The Gaussian approximation is smoother than the Sigmoid approximation, but the Sigmoid approximation provides a better approximation of the step function. The Sigmoid approximation is used in the experiments because it provides a better approximation of the step function and better performance in the experiments.{
  "论文标题": "A Probabilistic Measure of Multi-Robot Connectivity and Ergodic Optimal Control",
  "研究主题关键词": "Multi-Robot Trajectory Planning, Information Gathering, Ergodic Search, Connectivity Maintenance",
  "应用场景关键词": "Exploration, Search and Rescue",
  "主要方法关键词": "Probabilistic Measure of Connectivity, Optimal Control Problem, Pontryagin Principle, Iterative Optimization",
  "创新点关键词": "Novel Probabilistic Measure of Inter-Robot Connectivity, Soft Constraints for Connectivity Maintenance",
  "主要结论关键词": "Probabilistic Connectivity Measure Effectiveness, Improved Ergodic Metrics, Balanced Ergodic Search and Connectivity Maintenance"
}
